Welcome to Dekkskifte's guide on how to find the right tire online.
On the left side there is a box with different filters that will help you find the right tire.
For example, you only want to see winter tires for a regular passenger car
you need to select the 'passenger car winter tires' from the list of types.
The next thing to choose is size.
If you are unsure how to find out what size you need, there is a guide that you find under the menu item 'Guides'.
Start by choosing the width of your tire. If your size is '195 / 65R 15', 195 is your width.
Then select the tire height. That is the second number in the sequence, ie 65.
Finally, the size of your rim is selected in inches (the last number).
If you check 'Advanced Search' you can set the speed index and load index.
See the explanation for these under the menu item 'Guides'.
If you want to look at tires within a certain price level, you can specify it with the 'price slider'.
By dragging on the two squares, you specify a price level that you want to search within.
If you already have a tire in mind, you can just enter its name in the 'Free text' field.
We have collected a lot of the industry's tire test and have embedded them in our system.
This makes it easier for you to find the best tires, and therefore we always sort by default for reviews.
You can also sort by name, price and popularity by clicking on one of them in the sort bar. Click again for reverse sorting.
In this hypothetical example, we have chosen the tire 'Continental ContiWinterContact TS 830'
which is the best reported winter tire in winter 2011/2012. We therefore click on 'Read more'.
Now we come to the selected tire's product page. More information about the tire can be found here.
All information provided on the 'Find the Tire' page is saved to this page.
If you have specified winter tires, 195 / 65R 15 with a speed index 'T: max. 190 km / h, it will automatically enter these.
If you enter the site somewhere else from a 'Find deck', you have to choose the type, size etc.
You can also easily choose new settings, such as a new size.
When you are satisfied with the settings, click on the 'BUY' button on the right.
If you were to undo and would rather look at another tire, all your selected settings in the search feature are saved
so when you press back, you do not have to re-enter it all.
If you want to start all over again, you can always press the 'Reset filters' button.
It was all for this time. We hope you got something out of the guide. If you have more questions, please feel free to write to kontakt@daekskifte.dk